General  Information:

Test case description	Norman/UI Composer
Test case ID		Version	V1
CSN Component	  
Estimated time for manual test execution	30 min
Risk Level (1-5):	1
Automation readiness	
Reviewed by: Norman/UI Composer
Description:

Purpose/ goal of the test case:

The user shall be able to create a new page in the map view from a dropped image. 
 
Business scenario/User Story:

When the user is in the map view, he shall be able to create a new page. This new page is an orphan page.

Acceptance Criteria:

•   The user shall have a visual indication on the map view that he can add a new page.
•   The user shall be able to add a page that has no connection to any other existing pages, an orphan page.
•   The user shall be able to add multiple pages without any connection among them or to other existing page in the city view 
    by dropping multiple images in the city view. There shall be 1:1 relationship between the number of images created and the 
    number of dropped images. (NOT IN SPRINT14)

Preparations:

Setup/Configuration steps (if necessary)
A user had signed up to Project Norman with the name, email address and password.
User Logon Information/Roles
Navigation path to reach the application (i.e. URL)


Test Scenarios/Steps: 
                  
1. Verify that user shall have a visual indication on the map view so he can add a new page.
   - Create a project with default 2 pages.  On prototype page, click on Map View. 
   - User will see two pages Page 1 and Page 2 and "ADD BLANK PAGE" button. 
   - Click on "ADD BLANK PAGE" button, a new Page 3 is added.
   
2. Verify that The user shall be able to add a page that has no connection to any other existing pages, an orphan page.
  - In Map view, check that the newly added Page 3 is not connected to any other pages Page 1 and Page 2.
  - Add another page and repeat the step.
  

Variant (eg. Mac,  Windows,  browser compatibility)

Execute the test with  Desktop Windows /Chrome and Mac/Chrome  

Revision History
Date	Comment	Updated by
04/06/2015	Initial draft	Chinh Nguyen
06/02/2015        Updated Joe Cintas
