General  Information:

Test case description	Norman/UI Composer
Test case ID		Version	V1
CSN Component	  
Estimated time for manual test execution: 30 min
Risk Level (1-5): 1
Automation readiness	
Reviewed by: Norman/UI Composer
Description:

Purpose/goal of the test case:

The user shall have a concurrent Access in UI Composer. 
 
Business scenario/User Story:

The UI composer shall allow concurrent access of users. In general, when a user accesses the composer of a prototype, if the 
user is the first user accessing it, the user gains the full control of the prototype, including editing. When the user 
accesses the composer, if the user is not the first user accessing the prototype, the user is directed to the Preview mode of 
the prototype and is not able to edit the prototype, and the is user is informed about it. Following is the process flow.

Acceptance Criteria:

•   If user is the first user accessing the prototype via the composer, the user shall have full control of the prototype, 
    including editing, and the user locks the prototype preventing other users from editing the prototype either via the 
    composer or the data modeler.
•    User is NOT the first user accessing a prototype at a time while another user has been accessing the prototype via either 
    the composer or the data modeler.
•    If user is NOT the first user accessing the prototype via the composer, the user shall be directed to the Preview mode 
    within the composer and cannot change back to the Edit mode.
•    If user is NOT the first user accessing the prototype, the user is NOT informed that the first user has left the 
    prototype, and the prototype becomes editable while the user is in the Preview mode.
•    If user is NOT the first user accessing the prototype, the user needs to exit the Preview mode and re-access the prototype 
    via the composer to gain the full controls while there is no other user accessing the same prototype.
•    When a user who is locking a prototype leaves either the composer or the data modeler, the user releases the lock on the 
    prototype.
•    When a user who is locking a prototype has no activity for over 30 minutes, the lock on the prototype is released
    automatically by BUILD. In this case, if the user starts working within the composer or the data modeler again after more 
    than 30 minutes, the user is re-directed to the prototype page where the user shall see why the user is re-directed to the 
    prototype page (Another user is currently editing the prototype.)

Preparations:

Setup/Configuration steps (if necessary)
A user had signed up to Project Norman with the name, email address and password
User Logon Information/Roles
Navigation path to reach the application (i.e. URL)

Test Scenarios/Steps: 

Lock flow:
                  
1. Verify that once the user enters any of the prototype editor the full prototype is locked.
2. Verify that when second user tries to enter the prototype he is redirected directly to interactive mode with a message to
    let him know that the prototype is locked.

Unlock flow:

1. Verify that an unlock call will be triggered if the user with lock navigates away from editor or if he is inactive for a 
    certain duration of time configurable.
2. Verify that when an unlock happens and the user is still on the edit screen, he will be automatically redirected to 
    interactive mode with a message.
3. Verify that when an unlock happens, user 2 who was in interactive mode will continue to remain in interactive mode. There 
    will be no separate notification to inform the user that an unlock has been triggered.
4. Verify that if user 2 refreshes or goes back to home screen and tries to come back, then if the lock is released he gets 
    into edit mode and gets the lock.

Variant (eg. Mac,  Windows,  browser compatibility)

Execute the test with  Desktop Windows /Chrome and Mac/Chrome  

Revision History
Date	Comment	Updated by
04/06/2015	Initial draft	Chinh Nguyen
06/02/2015        Updated Joe Cintas
